# Palette Generator
This is the final project for the Code Louisville May 2020 Front-End Web Development Class. 

## Goal
To generate a grid of circles colored individually to make a palette, based on user's choices.

The user can choose a color among 5 given choices, the size of the palette (3, 5, 10, meaning a 3x3, 5x5, or 10x10 grid), and the resolution (low, medium, high).

The resolution indicates how noticeable the change in color will be. High resolution shows a higher contrast than the medium or low
.

## Description
* The user can navigate to the intake form through the `Let's go` button in `home` page or by going directly to the `data` page from the navigation menu
* User selects the choices for the palette desired. Having a choice for each of the variables is the only way to move forward given the validation within the form.
* Upon selection of 3 choices and submitting the info by clicking the `Submit your choices!` button, the palette is displayed
* The first two `resolution` buttons above the palette allow the user to display the other two available resolution palettes for that given size and color, if interested in comparing.
* The `Show All the RGB Values` button will display/hide the rgb values for each of the circles in the palette. This allows to see the difference in the values for the cases where visually might be difficult to notice a difference among them.
* `Try Again` button takes the user back to the input form to start all over again

## What the Program Does
The initial values that are given to the program are only 5 initial rgb values for the 5x5 grid for each color `basicRgbObjects` 

The program selects the applicable initial values for 3x3 `generatesBaseG3` and 10x10 `generatesBaseG10` grids from those 5 initial values for 5x5 grid.

Upon user's choice of size and resolution for the palette the program determines the type of arithmetic change associated to the resolution and with it and the initial values for the grid `specificAleteredRgb()`, it generates the rest of the rgb values `generatesFullColorG()`. 

`colorTheDots` applies the rgb values generated to the grid of circles previously generated by `generateGrid()`.

The extra values that are calculated are 6 for the 3x3 grid, 20 for the 5x5 grid, and 95 for the 10x10 grid.

The other two possible resolutions are also generated in the same way for the given color and size of grid selections but are only displayed if user selects those buttons.

The rgb values for each of the different resolution grid generated are saved in a constant and these get to be displayed if chosen by user `showRgbValues()`.

## Features
* Responsive layout using both CSS Grid and Flexbox
  * Media queries breakpoints: 600px, 800px, and 1100px, besides the initial mobile layout
  * `home` page changes from single-column mobile to two-column and eventually three-column desktop layout
  * Navigation bar changes its format displayed and direction in different views
* Form on `data` page 
  * Takes three selections
  * `validateInfo()` Validates that all three choices have been made. If none are or if one is missing, upon submitting the information, an alert is generated
* Arrays and object were used to handle the rgb Values information
* JavaScript performs math operations via functions to calculate the rgb values to be displayed as the color for each of the dots in the grid according to user's selection, i.e.,
  * `indexedResolution()`
  * `specificAlteredRgb()`
* Clicking respective buttons in the palette section, user gets to display, if desired, the other two available palettes for the given color, along with the list of all the rgb Values for each resolution

### P.S.
The most illustrative cases are seen when choosing the 10x10 grid with low/high resolution and comparing it to the high/low versions for each color
